Documentation refresh (#465)
sematic-ai/sematic: docs/api.md

> ## Sematic decorator

Reviewer: This doc doesn't look as good as generated API docs, but I guess it has to do.

Author: Exactly. It will do for now until we figure out a way to automate it.

### `@sematic.func`

The Sematic Function decorator.

This identifies the function as a unit of work that Sematic knows about for
tracking and scheduling. The function's execution details will be exposed
in the Sematic UI.

#### Parameters

> - `func`: Optional[Callable]

Reviewer: All these parameter types should be formatted.
```suggestion
- `func`: `Optional[Callable]`
```

    
    The `Callable` to instrument; usually the decorated function.

- `inline`: bool
    
    When using the `CloudResolver`, whether the instrumented function
    should be executed inside the same process and worker that is executing
    the `Resolver` itself.

    Defaults to `True`, as most pipeline functions are expected to be
    lightweight. Explicitly set this to `False` in order to distribute its
    execution to a worker and parallelize its execution.

- `resource_requirements`: Optional[ResourceRequirements]

    When using the `CloudResolver`, specifies what special execution
    resources the function requires. Defaults to `None`.

- `retry`: Optional[RetrySettings]
    
    Specifies in case of which Exceptions the function's execution should
    be retried, and how many times. Defaults to `None`.

#### Returns

> Union[Calculator, Callable]

Reviewer: The output types as well.
```suggestion
`Union[Calculator, Callable]`
```

An internal instrumentation wrapper over the decorated function.

## Resolvers

### `Resolver`

Abstract base class for all resolvers. Defines the `Resolver` interfaces.

#### `Resolver.resolve`

Abstract method. Entry-point for the resolution algorithm.

##### Parameters

- `future`: AbstractFuture
    
    Root future of the graph to resolve.

##### Returns

Any

output of the pipeline.

### `LocalResolver`

A resolver to resolver a graph in-memory.

Each Future's resolution is tracked in the DB as a run. Each individual function's

> input argument and output value is tracked as an artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input arguments and output value are tracked as artifacts.
```

    parallelism. Note that if other resolvers are active, runs from them will not be
    considered in this parallelism limit. Note also that runs that are in the RAN
    state do not contribute to the limit, since they do not consume computing
    resources.

- `rerun_from`: Optional[str]

    When `None`, the pipeline is resolved from scratch, as normally. When not `None`,
    must be the id of a `Run` from a previous resolution. Instead of running from
    scratch, parts of that previous resolution is cloned up until and including the
    specified `Run`, and only nested and downstream `Future`s are executed. This is
    meant to be used for retries or for hotfixes, without needing to re-run the
    entire pipeline again.

### `SilentResolver`

A resolver to resolver a DAG in memory, without tracking to the DB.

## Resource requirements

### `ResourceRequirements`

#### Parameters

- `kubernetes`: KubernetesResourceRequirements

    Kubernetes resource requirements.

### `KubernetesResourceRequirements`

Information on the Kubernetes resources required.

#### Parameters

- `node_selector`: Dict[str, str]

>     The kind of Kubernetes node that the job must run on. More detail can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The kind of Kubernetes node that the job must run on. More details can be
```

    found here:
    https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/ The
    value of this field will be used as the nodeSelector described there.

- `requests`: Dict[str, str]

>     Requests for resources on a kubernetes pod. More detail can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Requests for resources on a kubernetes pod. More details can be found here:
```

    on the node taint to see if this toleration applies.

- `toleration_seconds`: Optional[int]

    Only specified when effect is NoExecute (otherwise is an error). It
    specifies the amount of time the pod can continue executing on a node
    with a NoExecute taint

### `KubernetesTolerationEffect`

The effect that the toleration is meant to tolerate

See Kubernetes documentation for more:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/

#### Values

- `KubernetesTolerationEffect.NoSchedule`
    The toleration indicates that the pod can run on the node even
    if it has specified a NoSchedule taint, assuming the rest of
    the toleration matches the taint.

- `KubernetesTolerationEffect.PreferNoSchedule`

    The toleration indicates that the pod can run on the node even
    if it has specified a PreferNoSchedule taint, assuming the rest
    of the toleration matches the taint.

- `KubernetesTolerationEffect.NoExecute`

    The pod will not be evicted from the node even if the node has
    specified a NoExecute taint, assuming the rest of the toleration
    matches the taint.

> - `KubernetesTolerationEffect.All`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `KubernetesTolerationEffect.All`
```

## Context

### `SematicContext`

Contextual information about the execution of the current Sematic function

#### Attributes

- `run_id`: str

    The id of the future for the current execution. For cloud executions, this
    is equivalent to the id for the existing run.

- `root_id`: str

    The id of the root future for a resolution. For cloud executions, this is
    equivalent to the id for the root run.

### `context`

Get the current run context, including the active run id and root run id.

This can be used if you wish to track information about a Sematic execution
in an external system, and store it by an id that can link you back to the
Sematic run. It should not be used to interact with the Sematic API directly.

#### Returns

`SematicContext`

The active context, if a Sematic function is currently executing. Otherwise
it will raise an error.

#### Raises

- `NotInSematicFuncError`

    If this function is called outside the execution of a Sematic function.

## Types

### `Link`

Link lets users return a URL from a Sematic function which will render as a
button in the UI.

#### Parameters

- `label`: str

    The label of the button that will be displayed in the UI

> - `url`: str

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `url`: str
```
